Client: first stable release v0.1.0 🎉 (#1499)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: packages/client/CHANGELOG.md

(modification: no type change headlines) and this project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 0.1.0 - 2021-09-29

> Heydiho, glad you are here! 😀

Reviewer: :tada: :smile:

After over a year of continued development the EthereumJS team is proud to announce that

> our client is finally as stable, feature-complete (or - let's call it: feature-consistent)

Reviewer 2: It seems to me like there's a word/part of sentence missing in "is finally as stable [...]" (as stable as what?)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
our client is finally stable, feature-complete (or - let's call it: feature-consistent)
```

and useful in many regards that we have decided to do a first official release! 🌼

> There have been done such an extensive amount of work pieces during that time that it 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There has been done such an extensive amount of work pieces during that time that it 
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There has been such an extensive amount of work done that it
```

would be neither useful nor enlightening to list all associated PRs.

> So here are just a few milestones, where the ones till November 2020 still happened in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So here are just a few milestones, where the ones before November 2020 happened in
```

- Tip-of-the-chain syncing behavior, PR [#1132](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1132)
- A basic transaction pool, PR [#1176](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1176)
- Upgraded `devp2p` `ETH` protocol up to version `ETH/66`, PR [#1331](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1331)
- `LES` protocol v3 and v5 support, PR [#1324](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1324)
- Support for `devp2p` snappy compression (RLPx v5), PR [#1399](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1399)
- A simple miner for PoA/clique, PR [#1444](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1444)
- Finalized on `devp2p` message handling support (e.g. by adding `NEW_BLOCK` rebroadcast capabilities) to serve as a good network citizen, PR [#1458](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1458)
- Added developer capabilities, e.g. by adding a `--dev` flag to auto-start and prefund a miner, PR [#1492](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/1492)

And here we are. 🙂

> We joined various ephemeral testnets along the way - like `Yolov3` (still remember? 😃) or `Calaveras` - and helped find latest consensus bugs before they reach `mainnet` in preparation for the latest forks like `london` in conjunction with the other clients.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We joined various ephemeral testnets along the way - like `Yolov3` (still remember? 😃) or `Calaveras` - and helped find consensus bugs before they reach `mainnet` in preparation for the latest forks like `london` in conjunction with the other clients.
```

Seems more fluent to me without the duplicate 'latest'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We joined various ephemeral testnets along the way - like `Yolov3` (still remember? 😃) and `Calaveras` - and helped find consensus bugs before they reached `mainnet` in preparation for the latest forks like `london` in conjunction with the other clients.
```

Now we are ready for the next step and hand this out to you - the community! 🥳

> We are eager to see what you will do with this client and how you will use this software, which for the first time in Ethereum's history brings the full Ethereum core protocol stack - complemented by the excellent [Lodestar](https://github.com/ChainSafe/lodestar) client ChainSafe is developing on the Eth2 side - into the hand of Node.js developers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are eager to see what you will do with this client and how you will use this software, which for the first time in Ethereum's history brings the full Ethereum core protocol stack - complemented by the excellent [Lodestar](https://github.com/ChainSafe/lodestar) client ChainSafe is developing on the Eth2 side - into the hands of Node.js developers.
```

> We have also updated our [README](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/tree/master/packages/client) on the client directly before the release which you should take as a comprise reference on the currently implemented client capabilities, some usages instructions complemented by various examples and developer notes.

Reviewer 2: 'as a **comprise** reference'. Might that be a typo for 'concise'?

Reviewer 3: not sure if meant "complete" or "concise"

```suggestion
We have also updated our [README](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/tree/master/packages/client) on the client directly before the release which you should take as a concise reference on the currently implemented client capabilities, some usages instructions complemented by various examples, and developer notes.
```
